Feature Selection Process
1. Get a list of survival times. For patients with CI, keep the time to event (diagnosis time). For patients without CI, keep the time from last visit (how long clean data of no diagnosis).
2. From the list of features generated by Arshia (dropping the categorical and columns that should not be analyzed), first rank the data from 1 to MAX. Do this for each feature data column, and then do a Pearson correlaton analysis on the ranks (Spearman correlation). This removes the potential skey of Pearsons. Remember both of these are linear relations
3. Pruning out the features that are similar. First, drop all features with roughly the same data. Then, same thing, rank the features, and by comparing feature to feature and see if a correlation is greater than .6 (meaning they're correlated), drop the feature.
4. A lot here. Age was dropped at this stage. However, age can leak into the data. Ridge Regression on all features combined together, 20 different equally logirithamic spaced out values for alpha (coefficient) to figure out the best alpha that predicts age. Record the MAE (Mean Absolute Error) and R^2 (R^2 of 1 means the line of regression matches completely with the data, perfect prediction. MAE is the abosolute value of the error of the prediction and the actual value). Higher R^2 and lower MAE means better predition of age
5. Oh this is the cool part, only using the extremes. We only keep patients with 7 years clean data, and patients with CI in under 2 years. These are the clearest signals. From this subset of patients, linear regression, Random Forest (decision tree, indepedent), Gradient Boosting Machine (GBM, essentially decision tree, but dependent). For both trees, small amount of branches (splits into different subgroups) and low depth (max amount of splits) because there are a low amount of CI patients. RepeatedStratifiedKFold (StratifiedKFold, 5 different groups, but repeated 10 times with different groups). Permutation test (WTF IS THIS, THIS IS SO COOL). Random shuffle labels, and then cross validation (the scoring method to generate AUROC). 200 Times. The genuine AUROC score on the true labels should be significant, whereas the random shuffle labels should be around .5 to show it's significance. Sanity check, final linear regression on the data to see significant coefficients and their label just to see what label is the most significant.
6. WAIT THIS IS EVEN COOLER, WTF. Confirmed imbalance of patients. CI patients more likely to be older, male, and white. THIS IS SO COOL. Okay, for every positive CI patient, grab 3 of the closest matching patients so the imbalance is gone (closest age, gender, ethnicity). Remove from pool, no repeats. Now, in this new group (21 positive, ~63 negative, total ~ 84 patients), double check age is not a good signal (AUC score less than 0.5, excellent). However, positive still imbalanaced, so GENERATE SYNTHETIC PATIENTS (SMOTE, synthetic minority oversampling technique) with plausible in between data. Generated AUC score on regression and random forest, and then double checked with Permutation test with random labels again (~.5 AUC score, high AUC score was significant)
SMOTE (5 nearest neighbor, pick one random neighbor, generate 0-1 score, generate new patient with values at the generated fraction between the two patients)
7. 

Questions
How could you tell the features were heavily tailed? By looking at the data?
When pruning, how do you decide which feature to drop when two are correlated? Does it matter? (Oh Never mind found it, the one with the strongest correlation to the outcome of CI stays).
0.6 score drop, is it because you only want the most extreme data?
Section 6, was there an order to the patients being selected?
Why match 1 CI positive to 3 negative patients?
